He absorbed the costs for the accident.
The sales tax is absorbed into the state income tax.
Her interest in butterflies absorbs her completely.
Her husband often abuses alcohol.
Will this wallpaper adhere to the wall?
He aimed his fists towards his opponent's face .
She aired her opinions on welfare .
This idea will never amount to anything .
The steering of my new car answers to the slightest touch .
Inheritance may not ascend linearly.
We were assigned new uniforms.
I attacked the problem as soon as I got out of bed .
She attends class regularly .
Muslims avoid tobacco during the day.
back the car into the parking spot .
Which horse are you backing ?
I believe that he will come back from the war .
She tended to blast when speaking into a microphone .
He blazed away at the men.
The spaceship blazed out into space.
Her feet blistered during the long hike.
The Senator blistered the administration in his speech on Friday.
The distinction between the two theories blurred .
Don't bolt your food!
The tax cut will boost the economy.
The rubber ball bounced .
The ex-boxer's job is to bounce people who want to enter this private club .
He bowed before the King .
He bowed before the King .
She bowed before the Queen .
I can breathe better when the air is clean .
Every creature that breathes .
He breathed new life into the old house .
Our new synthetic fabric breathes and is perfect for summer wear .
She brushed the suit before hanging it back into the closet .
brush away the crumbs .
I can't buy this story .
This office is buzzing with activity .
he buzzed the servant .
capture the essence of Spring .
Would you change places with me?
Blood circulates in my veins.
She circulates among royalty.
He claimed that he killed the burglar .
The judge clapped him in jail .
The children were clapping to the music .
They clawed their way to the top of the mountain.
The politician clawed his rival.
The dentist cleaned my teeth .
Did you ever climb up the hill behind your house?
Sales were climbing after prices were lowered .
This young man knows how to climb the social ladder .
The stars are obscured by the clouds.
Their faces were clouded with sadness.
The stroke clouded memories of her youth.
The child colored the drawings .
My personal feelings color my judgment in this case .
The rooms communicated .
They computerized the car industry .
The constant attention of the young man confused her.
The comedian convulsed the crowd .
These potatoes have to cook for 20 minutes .
Can you count the books on your shelf?
The crocodile was crawling along the riverbed .
My skin crawled I was terrified .
European children learn the breast stroke; they often don't know how to crawl .
The speech crowned the meeting .
A weather vane crowns the building .
crush an aluminum can .
She was crushed by his refusal of her invitation .
Curl my hair, please.
My husband and I like to dance at home to the radio.
The package is dated November 24 .
It dawned on him that she had betrayed him .
The age of computers had dawned .
deflate the air mattress .
The new measures deflated the economy .
deflate the currency .
The balloons deflated .
You should carry dehydrated food on your camping trip.
In the desert, you get dehydrated very quickly.
The bank demanded payment of the loan .
If soldiers deserted Hitler's army, they were shot .
Chanel designed the famous suit.
Fire had devoured our home .
She devoured his novels .
the government digested the entire law into a code .
The detergent discolored my shirts.
The shirts discolored.
I was dismissed after I gave my report .
divide the cake into three equal parts .
He downed three martinis before dinner.
Some people can down a pound of meat in the course of one meal.
The exercise class drains me of energy.
Life in the camp drained him.
snow drifting several feet high .
stock prices are drifting higher .
We were up drinking all night .
The mother drinks in every word of her son on the stage .
The husband drinks and beats his wife .
I was drowned in work .
She drowned her trouble in alcohol .
The child drowned in the lake .
He drowned the kittens .
Middle age dulled her appetite for travel .
The company dumped him after many years of service .
She was eating a banana .
This dog doesn't eat certain kinds of meat .
Some nice results emerged from the study .
She ended their friendship when she found out that he had once been convicted of a crime.
engraved the trophy cupt with the winner's .
The event engraved itself into her memory .
engrave the pen with the owner's name .
Please erase the formula on the blackboard.
Vesuvius erupts once in a while .
Carnegie had a lake excavated for Princeton University's rowing team.
One should not exhaust one's savings.
We have exhausted the food supplies.
The boss exploded when he heard of the resignation of the secretary .
The enemy exploded the bridge .
Many of the laboratory animals express the trait.
The Middle East is fermenting .
We ferment the grapes for a very long time to achieve high alcohol content .
The bird's wings were flapping .
The night sky flared with the massive bombardment.
The lights were flashing .
The latest intelligence is flashed to all command posts .
The Republicans are floating the idea of a tax reform .
The dancer floated across the stage .
The swollen river flooded the village .
flood the market with tennis shoes .
The crowd flowed out of the stadium .
Water flowed into the cave .
the sky flushed with rosy splendor .
This writer really fractures the language.
These events could fracture the balance of power.
The pothole fractured a bolt on the axle.
The tibia fractured from the blow of the iron pipe.
Fuel aircraft, ships, and cars .
fuel the debate on creationism .
The press was gagged .
The burglars gagged the home owner and tied him to a chair .
he swallowed a fishbone and gagged .
I gather you have not done your homework.
The moon glared back at itself from the lake's surface .
The sun glared down on us .
Make the people's hearts glow .
The passenger grabbed for the oxygen mask .
She grabbed the child's hand and ran out of the room .
This story will grab you .
The conversation gravitated towards politics .
grind the spices in a mortar .
grind lenses for glasses and cameras .
She groped for her glasses in the darkness of the bedroom .
His mind groped to make the connection .
The tree trunks had grown together .
Corn doesn't grow here .
He grows vegetables in his backyard .
There will be men guarding the horses.
This vaccine will guard you against infection.
Tears guttered down her face.
I can't hack it anymore .
It hailed for an hour .
The colors don't harmonize .
heap firewood around the fireplace .
Goering often hunted wild boars in Poland .
The hunters traced the deer into the woods .
The oscillator hunts about the correct frequency .
The ostentatious way of living of the rich ignites the hatred of the poor .
Their language inclines us to believe them .
We were inducted into the honor society.
society was infected by racism .
The charges were inflated .
We injected the glucose into the patient's vein .
inject hydrogen into the balloon .
Why did the U.S. not intervene earlier in WW II?
juggle an account so as to hide a deficit .
She had to juggle her job and her children .
the player juggled the ball .
the pilot managed to land the airplane safely .
this may land you in jail .
the enemy landed several of our aircraft .
The news leaked out despite his secrecy .
Water leaked out of the can into the backpack .
The container leaked gasoline .
She leaned over the banister .
He leaned his rifle against the wall .
level criticism or charges at somebody .
I have to level with you .
The ground levelled off .
The fate of Bosnia lies in the hands of the West.
Lie down on the bed until you feel better.
After a glass of wine, he lightened up a bit .
sorrow had lined his face .
load the truck with hay .
He loaded his gun carefully .
load the bags onto the trucks .
Can you locate your cousins in the Midwest?
The company located some of their agents in Los Angeles.
He locked his hands around her neck.
They were locked in embrace.
He was locked in a laughing fit.
We looked all day and finally found the child in the forest .
The house looks north .
sorrow was mapped on the mother's face .
The two pieces match.
The wax melted in the sun .
Hundreds of actors were melting into the scene .
The dress molds her beautiful figure .
mount a theater production .
They named their son David .
name your accomplices!
His name was mentioned in connection with the invention .
The parties negociated all night .
The teacher nodded when the student gave the right answer .
The old man sat nodding by the fireplace .
The King ordained the persecution and expulsion of the Jews.
He was ordained in the Church.
The minister was ordained only last month.
he painted all day in the garden .
We painted the rooms yellow .
His nostrils palpitated .
paste the sign on the wall .
He pasted his opponent .
The new moon peeped through the tree tops.
The bullet penetrated her chest.
The cold pierced her bones.
The scream pierced the night.
The needle pierced her flesh.
pin the needle to the shirt .
pin down the butterfly .
The professor plunged his students into the study of the Italian text .
poison someone's mind .
She poisoned her husband .
Her husband poisoned her drink in order to kill her .
This mushrooms can poison .
She poisoned her husband but he did not die .
The ship finally ported .
The big ship was slowly porting .
The small canoe could be ported easily .
pound the roots with a heavy flat stone .
People were pouring out of the theater.
Water poured all over the floor.
We poured money into the education of our children.
The nurse pricked my finger to get a small blood sample .
The needle pricked his skin .
The thought of her unhappiness pricked his conscience .
We provided the room with an electrical heater .
The sudden fame puffed her ego .
The critics puffed up this Broadway production .
He pumped bullets into the dummy.
She pumped the witnesses for information.
He pushed the table into a corner .
He pushed her to finish her doctorate .
She is pushing fifty .
The liberal party pushed for reforms .
The guy hanging around the school is pushing drugs .
They are railing for fresh fish .
She could not recapture that feeling of happiness.
They tried to recapture the escaped prisoner.
The party recruited many new members.
Fame redounds to the heroes.
Everything redounded to his glory.
her sunglasses reflected his image .
His lack of interest in the project reflects badly on him .
The mess in his dorm room reflects on the student .
The rules relaxed after the new director arrived .
replace the book on the shelf after you have finished reading it .
the con artist replaced the original with a fake Rembrandt .
The curtain ripped from top to bottom.
The candidate ripped into his opponent mercilessly.
She wanted to ruffle his composure.
This play is going to ruffle some people.
We sailed the Atlantic .
I love sailing , especially on the open sea.
the rebels had salted the fields with mines and traps .
She salts her lectures with jokes .
people used to salt meats on ships .
I meet this men every day on my way to work and he salutes me .
a terrible stench saluted our nostrils .
When the officers show up, the soldiers have to salute.
the surgeon scanned the X-ray .
The wildfire scorched the forest and several homes.
She scored high on the SAT.
The cat scraped at the armchair .
The theater seats 2,000.
the mother seated the toddler on the high chair .
The French try to sell us their image as great lovers.
The brothers sell shoes.
The bad news shook her hopes.
Shake the salt out of the salt shaker.
We had to sharpen our arguments .
The debate sharpened .
This drug will sharpen your vision .
He shed his image as a pushy boss.
You have shipwrecked my career.
shorten the rope by a few inches .
He was showered with praise .
You should shower after vigorous exercise .
He showered her with presents .
The soldiers sifted through the woods.
He sifted the information.
They sifted through the job candidates.
He signed his disapproval with a dismissive hand gesture.
She was singing while she was cooking .
the kettle was singing .
When does the court of law sit?
The police smashed the drug ring after they were tipped off .
Othello smothered Desdemona with a pillow .
She is too shy to solicit.
She sowed sunflower seeds .
sow suspicion or beliefs .
How do you spell this word?
I'm afraid this spells trouble!
He spelled the word wrong in this letter .
She splashed the water around her.
The mountain was splashed with snow.
Water was splashing on the floor.
spray water on someone .
spray the wall with paint .
spread cheese on a piece of bread .
He spread fertilizer over the lawn .
spread the bread with cheese .
He squared his shoulders .
one idea squares with the other one .
She was staggered with bills after she tried to rebuild her house following the earthquake.
Are the letters properly stamped ?
just steam the vegetables .
The new teacher tends to steamroller .
steamroller the opposition .
The new teacher tends to steamroller .
step over to the blackboard .
I won't stoop to reading other people's mail.
She stumbled over the tree root .
I stumbled across a long-lost cousin last night in a restaurant .
suck the poison from the place where the snake bit .
Mud was sucking at her feet .
The current boom in the economy sucked many workers in from abroad .
The Nazis swallowed the Baltic countries .
The huge waves swallowed the small boat and it sank shortly thereafter .
She swallowed the last words of her speech .
He swallowed his words .
I swallowed my anger and kept quiet .
Am I supposed to swallow that story?
The mother was swelling with importance when she spoke of her son .
We had to swim for 20 minutes to reach the shore .
my brain is swimming after the bottle of champagne .
the meat was swimming in a fatty gravy .
Actions talk louder than words.
Can you taste the garlic?
This tastes of nutmeg .
We tasted wines last night .
The ex-slave tasted freedom shortly before she died .
You are taxing my patience.
The teacher tests us every week .
She tested high on the LSAT and was admitted to all the good law schools .
The bus thundered down the road.
The river thundered below.
They tied their victim to the chair .
The fishermen tied their flies .
They topped off their dinner with a cognac.
A star tops the Christmas Tree.
The hikers topped the mountain just before noon .
The gardener topped the trees and bushes.
trace the outline of a figure in the sand .
The toddler was trailing his pants.
transfer the packet from his trouser pockets to a pocket in his jacket .
He transformed into a monster.
Braque translated collage into oil .
She tugged for years to make a decent living .
The horse finally tugged the cart out of the mud .
twist the dough into a braid .
The cord is all twisted .
Don't twist my words .
The war uprooted many people.
The vestiges of political democracy were soon uprooted.
They plan to uproot the vine that has spread all over the garden.
The principal visited his rage on the students.
Every summer, we visited our relatives in the country for a month.
He was visited with a terrible illness that killed him quickly.
I heard him volley a string of curses.
vote the Democratic ticket .
Walk, don't run!
Paul walked the streets of Damascus.
The horses walked across the meadow.
wallow in your success!
This piano wants the attention of a competent tuner .
The director warned him that he might be fired.
The old man warned the children off his property.
He wasted his inheritance on his insincere friends.
She was wearing yellow that day .
He always wears a smile .
What should I wear today?
She whistled a melody .
Her optimism whistled away these worries .
She whistled for her maid .
I wish I could go home now.
He wrestled all his life with his feeling of inferiority.
I wrestled with this decision for years.
The children wrestled in the garden.
